README.md, before:

# awesome-men
Listing men who are awesome to provide acknowledgement of them and hope for people who don't have any awesome men around them.

To be clear, awesome in this case is defined by speaking up against sexism, racism, heterosexism, and/or other -isms. Sometimes that's as simple as a code of conduct but most of the time it means calling in or calling out people who take *-ist actions.

Men are listed in order discovered.


|GitHub Username|Example of Awesomeness|Notes
|---------------|-------|-----
|[@jmmastey](https://github.com/jmmastey)|https://github.com/jmmastey/level_up/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md and https://github.com/jmmastey/team_outings |
|[@pcbro](https://github.com/pcbro)|https://github.com/apple/swift/pull/165|
|[@gcaprio](https://github.com/gcaprio)|https://github.com/eldest-daughter/ed-questionnaire/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md and https://github.com/enova/career_ladders |
|[@Lukasa](https://github.com/lukasa)|https://github.com/kennethreitz/requests/issues/2941|
|[@dancrumb](https://github.com/dancrumb)|Engaging in deliberate hiring practices to increase diversity, including honest and open conversations with employees to increase team diversity and provide a safe space to discuss concerns of harrassment, discrimination, and -isms in the workplace - posts in the Chicago Tech Diversity Slack Channel to bring job postings not only to a wider audience but to a distinctively more diverse one [https://www.linkedin.com/hp/update/6156214458415931393](https://www.linkedin.com/hp/update/6156214458415931393)|

Commit message:

move github links to bottom, add jerry

README.md, after:

# awesome-men
Listing men who are awesome to provide acknowledgment of them and hope for people who don't have any awesome men around them.

To be clear, awesome in this case is defined by speaking up against sexism, racism, heterosexism, and/or other -isms. Sometimes that's as simple as a code of conduct but most of the time it means calling in or calling out people who take *-ist actions.

Men are listed in order discovered with most recent at the bottom.


|GitHub Username|Example of Awesomeness|Notes
|---------------|-------|-----
|[@jmmastey][2]|https://github.com/jmmastey/level\_up/blob/master/CODE\_OF\_CONDUCT.md and https://github.com/jmmastey/team\_outings |
|[@pcbro][3]|https://github.com/apple/swift/pull/165|
|[@gcaprio][4]|https://github.com/eldest-daughter/ed-questionnaire/blob/master/CODE\_OF\_CONDUCT.md and https://github.com/enova/career\_ladders |
|[@Lukasa][5]|https://github.com/kennethreitz/requests/issues/2941|
|[@dancrumb][7]|Engaging in deliberate hiring practices to increase diversity, including honest and open conversations with employees to increase team diversity and provide a safe space to discuss concerns of harrassment, discrimination, and -isms in the workplace - posts in the Chicago Tech Diversity Slack Channel to bring job postings not only to a wider audience but to a distinctively more diverse one [https://www.linkedin.com/hp/update/6156214458415931393](https://www.linkedin.com/hp/update/6156214458415931393)|
|[@jerrycattell][6]|[Support of Write/Speak/Code Conference 2016](http://2016.writespeakcode.com/)|

[1]:	
[2]:	https://github.com/jmmastey
[3]:	https://github.com/pcbro
[4]:	https://github.com/gcaprio
[5]:	https://github.com/lukasa
[6]:	https://github.com/jerrycattell
[7]:	https://github.com/dancrumb
